07-Tilesets


Definition : Tilesets are, as the name implies, sets of tiles that are used to build a map.
They are located in a folder named "tiles", in which they have their own folder.
The name of the folder the tileset is in must be the tileset's name, let's call it tsname
Each map cell has an array of tiles, so you can make transparent tiles.
Tilesets, like Creatures and Items, consist of :
a PNG file named tsname.png, which contains the graphics.
a JSON file named tile_templates.json, which contains the most common data used by the tileset. This makes building the tileset much faster.
a JSON file named tsname.json, which is generated by Tiled
Note that due to Tiled's format, you cannot have two pointing with the same graphics, you need to duplicate the square in the .png image.


How to make a Tileset named DesertDay :

1-Make/find an  image with 32x32 px tiles, name it DesertDay.png, place it in a folder named DesertDay

2- Open Tiled, File-> New Tileset, name it DesertDay, unsing DesertDay.png as the source. Click Save As.
You might as well save DesertDay.tsx in  the DesertDay folder.

3-Select each tile, and fill the "name" and other Custom Properties.
If you intend to use  a template, just set the property name to "template"  and the value to the name of the template.
Else, you need to fill all those properties :
"name" : {"time":15,"wall":0,"swall":0,"blkproj":0,"blkview":0,"water":0,"dock":1,"sound":["walk water.wav"]},
Note that you can just select all several tiles in Tiled , and right click the Custom Properties panel to add a property field to all the tiles at once. for example,  you can enter "shore_" as  the name so they all start with the right "prefix", and "shore" as the template
Note that if you already have a tileset with the same tile data and just different graphics, you don't need to go though all that. Just change the image in the Tileset Properties. Or even just copy the other tileset's JSON, rename it, and change a few things inside.
Empty tiles should still have a template.

4-Export the Tileset as a .JSON. this is your  tsname.json file.

5-Make your templates.json file, following one of the examples.




Likely issues :

If your tileset has "holes", the empty tiles still need a name and valid template. I recommend having a "null" template for that and decorations :
   "null" : {"time":0,"wall":0,"swall":0,"blkproj":0,"blkview":0,"water":0,"dock":0,"sound":[]} ,