<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>Rowan the druid looks tired but pleased to see you. ‘Well done my young adventurers. Now that this wasteful battle is over we can concentrate on the true darkness that threatens to engulf this land. On your travels, you might have heard of a vile entity known as 'the Nameless One'. We never mention his true name, for to do so attracts his attention. He is also referred to as the Grey God, for he craves nothing more than total oblivion for this world. Why any mortal would serve a god who only seeks to end all creation is beyond my ken. Perhaps the vilest among us are attracted to his corrupt essence.’‘A century or so ago, a great battle was fought between the peoples that walked these lands before the humans came to settle. Mighty Fir’bolg archers and fell Tuatha de Danaan knights fought alongside centaurs and unicorns against a horde of vile beings known as the Shadowgaunt. The Shadowgaunt worshipped the Grey God and through their blood magic had allowed him to exert great power across the lands. The alliance of goodly creatures put aside their differences and marched to do battle against the Shadowgaunt.’‘The huge and deadly Shadowgaunt cut the alliance to shreds, aided as they were by the magic of the Grey God who at that point walked the earth in an avatar of awesome power. In a desperate act Ossian, the great Bard hero of the Tuatha de Danaan, sang his greatest songspell and caused time to freeze for all living things for miles around him. Tens of thousands of alliance troops sacrified their lives to shield him from the Grey God’s attacks.’‘The battle was so costly that the Fir’bolg and Tuatha de Danaan retreated to their sylvan strongholds in vastly reduced numbers. One rarely even hears tell of them these days. As for centaurs and unicorns I have heard rumour but have not seen one in my lifetime. What I dread is that their sacrifice was is vain ... that the Grey God is still able to exert his influence through the minds of men. His Watch Towers still hold their deadly power, preventing any access to the lands where the Shadowgaunt lived, so clearly his power is not extinguished.’‘This fact was made all too clear to me as something has managed to corrupt some of my novice druids. The majority of them wandered off one night. I now hear awful tales of some forest far to the east where unspeakable rites and perversions of druidic lore are practiced. Perhaps if you encounter this place, you would bring me back more information, as the tales that the trees and animals carry are beyond belief ... you know how animals tend to exaggerate and plantlife has no real sense of time or motion ... but I digress.’‘Know that I have not been idle while you have been out travelling the lands. My druids, what is left of them, have embarked on quests to discover some artificacts and relics which we will have need of in days to come. They have heard word that the mystic Cauldron of Cerredwhen, the great healer, has been discovered. It is rumoured to have the power to resurrect the dead. Further, the Torc of Ossian was seen by some trees to the north. Alas, I have no details on their exact locations but if we were to possess these items, perhaps we could summon the spirit of Ossian himself to guide us in this time of need. He was the only one to face the Grey God and not quail in fear.’ ‘Please seek these relics out and return to me.’<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>