<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>Orcish Superstitutions: Rough DraftIn conversation with several Orc 'wise ones' (if that is not indeed a contradiction in terms) I deduced the follow information which might explain their unusual history. It seems that several generations ago (the Orcs being almost incapable of keeping track of dates) a religious movement gripped the tribe that is indigenous to this area. The movement centred around the teachings of an individual who called himself 'the Messenger.' He was a skilled orator and soon commanded much respect among the difficult to impress Orcs. The local priests and military leaders attempted to remove him but instead found themselves toppled from power when the common orc soldiers were forced to make a choice. The Messenger spoke of the imminent arrival of an entity he called 'the Grey God'. He also referred to it as the 'Nameless One' etc. This god seemed somehow connected to the end of the world as these primitive superstitions always seem to be. Eventually there was a major war fought between the orcs and several other unlikely sounding races on one side and an alliance of races the Orcs call the 'Sidhe'. They pronounce this word as 'shee' which is clearly not of Orc origin. It seems that the Sidhe won this battle.The wise ones seemed very reluctant to go into details about what happened to this Messenger. The superstitious fools actually seemed quite nervous at his mention. In any event the relevance of this brief outline of Orcish history is that at the time of the Messenger's arrival into Orcish society a comet loomed close to the world orb. The comet was clearly visible in the sky for a few days in fact. Records kept in the central Astronomers Guild detail a similar comet in the year 304 of the Rune Blessing which is a few generations ago and could have been the same phenomenon. The comet in question was first identified by Nalvari of Kar, that giant among Astronomers, who calculated that the comet was on an orbit that would bring it near the world orb every century or so. This same comet, called Nalvari's comet of course, has been spotted by the somewhat shoddy equipment which we have available in this backwater, and is fast approaching. For this reason I shall be keeping a close eye on any strange behaviour among the Orcs. An uprising at this juncture while the Karnak savages remain unpacified would be a grave security risk.Brachus, Astromer of Tamcaster.Note: prior to publication remove all negative references to Tamcaster.