<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>*FOREST OF AURYSTAN -c.a. 529 R.R.*THE ELVEN KINGDOM. Elves were the true first 'civilized' settlers of the Sword Lands, arriving from northern regions of the Realmz continent and finding to their liking the large forest nestled next to the eastern face of the Western Pass. The elves named this forest Aurystan, meaning 'new dawn' in their language. After a millennium or two, the small elven communities united under one crown and the Forest-Kingdom of Aurystan was founded (c.a. -1500 R.R.). While life was not idyllic completely, mainly because of roaming bands of orcs, goblins and ogres who all too often eyed the elves as easy prey, the elven kingdom had a freedom rarely enjoyed by any other community : indeed, there were no other kingdoms or nations in the area likely to interfere in its affairs. The only 'foreign' relationship the elves entertained was that of occasional trading with the dwarves of the Dwarven Halls, who had founded their undercity in the Khanark Rockies some six thousand years prior to the elves' arrival in the region.Life became more complicated for the Forest-Kingdom with the founding of Mountedge (7 R.R.) to its west and Nur'Anaan (140 R.R.) to its south-east (see Subject: Sword Lands). Relations between the elves and the humans remained cordial for a while. However, it all came to a clash with the War of the Road (219 R.R.), when Kings Naros II (of Mountedge) and Nuram II (of Nur'Anaan) jointly declared war on Aurystan for its refusal to allow the construction of a road through the Forest-Kingdom, which could link all three communities for trade. The War ended in 222 R.R. with a peace treaty and Aurystan's acceptation of the construction of the 'Friendship Road', in exchange for proper guarantees for its sovereignty and substantial compensation moneys. The construction of the Friendship Road was completed in 228 R.R.; the elven kingdom thereafter enjoyed a close, friendly relationship with Mountedge and Nur'Anaan.Peace and prosperity ended abruptly when Ptaraz the Mighty undertook his march of conquest of the Sword Lands (see Subject: The Iron Kingdom). At the Battle of Aurystan (427 R.R.), Ptaraz and his army -helped with demons summoned by his consort Tanira- laid waste to the elven kingdom, forcing the surviving elves to flee from the Sword Lands altogether [Note: to this day, there are no more elven communities in the Sword Lands; only the occasional elf individuals may be spotted in cities]. Thus the peaceful Forest-Kingdom of Aurystan was left in crumbling ruins by sword and fire : to this effect, the forest eventually earned the name of 'Harrow Woods' (which stands to this day) partly because of the savagery of Ptaraz' assault, and partly because the elves placed many wards of powerful (and deadly) magics to protect the most cherished of their ruins. Sadly, what was left as testimony of elven civilization in the Sword Lands was apparently eradicated during the devastating Battle of the Harrow Woods (Year of Darkening; 760 R.R.), when mighty wizards from Tanirith and Sharranth contended against each other with powerful magics [Note: much later on, with the aura of dread looming over the forest having dissipated and with the elven ruins being visible no more on the grounds, the town of Aranys was founded within the Harrow Woods in 1117 R.R.].Thus in the year 529 R.R., trade caravans and travelers plow back and forth along the Friendship Road; however, no one dares to enter the Forest of Aurystan proper -let alone explore the elven ruins- because of strange fey beasts roaming the woods and the powerful wards and guardians watching over the ruins.<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>