<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>*THE SWORDLANDS -c.a. 529 R.R.*CLIMATE. From seemingly the dawn of time, the climate of the Sword Lands has ever been that of the tropical type; and so it is still in the year 529 R.R. However, such warm and damp climate changed noticeably later within the lapse of two years, following two consecutive natural disasters. The first one occured during the Year of the Great Quake (759 R.R.), when the Sword Lands were wracked by terrible earthquakes. The second one occured the very next year (Year of the Darkening; 760 R.R.) when the Volcanic Rockies erupted violently, releasing periclastic clouds of hot gases, smoke and dust of such magnitude that the whole of the Sword Lands was covered in darkness for months on end. Overall, these consecutive disasters modified the weather of the Sword Lands into that of a southern temperate to a sub-tropical type, thus remaining warmer than northern temperate regions of the Realmz continent but much dryer than its previous state. Another consequence of this change was the spreading of the Snowy Rockies into an area of the Khanark mountain range much larger than which they occupied prior to the natural disasters. In any event, the new climatic conditions still prevail to this day.GEOGRAPHY. The first human settlers of the Sword Lands founded Mountedge (later known as Sharranth) in the year 7 R.R. Explorers from Mountedge quickly made contact with the elves of the Forest-Kingdom of Aurystan in the east (see Subject: Forest of Aurystan); eventually, new settlers were allowed to cross safely the old elven kingdom and founded Nur'Anaan (later known as Al'Nura, then Stone Keep, and finally Dagger Keep) in 140 R.R. As the human population grew from increased birth rates and influx of new settlers, including would-be warlords, Lantharond (307 R.R.) and Tanirith (403 R.R.)were eventually founded, thus establishing the four main regions of the Sword Lands: the Western Lands (main city: Mountedge), the Heart Lands (main kingdom/cities:Aurystan, Nur'Anaan), the Eastern Lands (main city: Tanirith) and the North-Eastern Lands (main city: Lantharond) [Note: Wailsrond was founded in the Heart Lands much later (911 R.R.)].Although not exactly part of the Sword Lands, the dwarven and gnomish communities of the Khanark Rockies just north of the Sword Lands are often considered as part of the Greater Sword Lands (good examples of this are the Dwarven Halls and Gnomilar); however, with the exception of a few individuals, dwarves and gnomes rarely mix with the human inhabitants -limiting their interactions with human cities only for trade (or when war happens) [Note: other areas considered today as part of the Greater Sword Lands are the Pirate Isles (settled in the Year of the Black Sails; 827 R.R.) and Coral Towers (founded in 940 R.R.), both located in the Great Southern Ocean].Thus in the year 529 R.R., the majority of the Sword Lands constitutes the Iron Kingdom originally established by Ptaraz the Mighty (back in 429 R.R.), with the exception of the 'former' North-Eastern Province (and Lantharond) which won its independence from the kingdom through war in 524 R.R. (see Subject: Iron Kingdom). To this effect, the border between the Eastern Lands and the North-Eastern Lands is closed, both parties watching each other warily. Likewise, because of strained relations between the Iron Kingdom and the Dwarven Halls, the Galduur's Pass leading to the Khanark Rockies is closely guarded by dwarven contingents -although trading between the Dwarven Halls and the Iron Kingdom still goes on rather actively.<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>