<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>*THE IRON KINGDOM -c.a. 529 R.R.*RISE AND FALL OF THE IRON KINGDOM. Ptaraz the Mighty and his consort, the enchantress Tanira Arkanoch, constructed the fortress of Tanirith in 403 R.R. From 410 to 429 R.R., Ptaraz and his army (with the help of the magical powers of Tanira) routed humanoid tribes which plagued the Sword Lands, conquered in succession Lantharond, Nur'Anaan and Mountedge, and destroyed the elven Forest-Kingdom of Aurystan (see Subject: Forest of Aurystan), thus holding sway over all of the four main regions of the Sword Lands. Still in 429 R.R. (Year of the Iron King), Ptaraz proclaimed his conquered holdings as the Iron Kingdom (with Tanirith as the capital), instituted the Iron Throne and crowned himself as the first Iron King. Not surprisingly, King Ptaraz reigned the same way Warlord Ptaraz campaigned: like a cold, merciless and calculating despot with an iron fist.Upon the death of Ptaraz and Tanira in the Year of Rebirth (436 R.R.), general Sarth Tarterys ascended the Iron Throne as Tarterys the First and founded the Tarturian Dynasty. While Ptaraz' reign was a ruthless and repressive one, that of Tarterys' was fair and enlightened. Scholars and historians acknowledge that the advent of the Tarturian Dynasty heralded the Golden Age of the Iron Kingdom, since it was under the wise and capable Tarturians that the economy, the arts and the sciences flourished as never before seen in the Sword Lands. In 507 R.R. (Year of the Black Rose), Tarterys IV (the Child-King) died mysteriously. Consequently, the Mayor of the Castle Jar Endanuur ascended the Iron Throne as Endanuur the First and founded the Endanuurian Dynasty, thus ending the Golden Age. It was near the end of Endanuur's reign (524 R.R.) that Lantharond (and the whole of the North-Eastern Province) warred for -and won- its independence under the leadership of Golan Dragonheart (founder of the Kingdom of Lantharond and of its Dragon Throne). Endanuur did not survive this major loss of territory : he died under suspicious circumstances in 528 R.R. and was replaced by his son, Endanuur the Second. The ascension of Endanuur II to the Iron Throne heralded the Age of the Lazy Iron Monarchs : indeed, it is from this time that the Iron Kingdom was slowly and gradually atrophied through the excesses of its decadent, spoiled and corrupted rulers, as well as through the boundless greed and ambitions of various noble houses and lords. This sad Age lasted until 603 R.R. (Year of the Dissolution), when the last Endanuurian monarch was assassinated and the Iron Kingdom finally crumbled into chaos and anarchy -never recovering thereafter and thus becoming a written chapter in the history books of the Sword Lands.Thus in the year 529 R.R., Endanuur II is freshly ascended to the Iron Throne and rules with indifference, being more preoccupied with his grandiose receptions and decadent orgies than with the responsibilities of rulership. The Iron Kingdom is comprised of the Western Province (capital: Mountedge), the Central Province (capital: Nur'Anaan) and the Eastern Province (Royal Capital: Tanirith); the border between the Eastern Province and the Kingdom of Lantharond is closed, as there are still no diplomatic or economic relations between the older Iron Kingdom and the new, younger kingdom. The day-to-day rule of the Iron Kingdom is left to advisor-nobles and local lords who act by the Iron King's writ; in truth, these men and women seek only to satisfy their unchecked greed (and worse). Hence, the economy is being weakened because of corruption while authority is exercised through whim of the moment, thus allowing banditry and crime to rise. In addition, some orc and goblin tribes have settled anew in the Western and Central provinces, percieving the Kingdom as weak : indeed, and although many forts are already established throughout the Kingdom, garrison commanders are more preoccupied with preventing the populace from rebelling against the corrupted nobility and royalty, than seeking to expel these humanoid raiders. The end result is that the general populace of the Kingdom is becoming increasingly demoralized and, not surprisingly, poorer.HEROES OF THE IRON KINGDOM. The names of many heroes are found in the history books of the Sword Lands. However, one name shines a bit more than the others : Galduur Ironshield. This dwarf became famous in the Year of the Iron Shield (432 R.R.) when he lead a contingent of dwarven warriors against King Ptaraz, who had declared war on the Dwarven Halls. Keeping his troops steady and determined by using his magical shield as a rallying symbol, Galduur dealt two consecutive blows against the invasion army of the Iron Kingdom at the battle of Galduur's Pass and at the battle of the Western Pass. Galduur's successes inspired the populace of the Iron Kingdom to rebel against their ruthless King : in the end, the over-reaching Ptaraz was forced to make peace with the Dwarven Halls in order to be able to quell the rebellion formenting in his own backyard. Galduur then formed the Champions of the Shield, a company of valiant adventurers of diverse racial heritages dedicated to defend and protect those oppressed under Ptaraz' despotic regime. Upon the death of Ptaraz (Year of Rebirth; 436 R.R.), Galduur dissolved the Champions of the Shield and returned to the Dwarven Halls, where he helped protect his kin against giants, ogres, orcs and other evil humanoids.Galduur eventually returned to the Sword Lands, where he teamed up with the mysterious ranger-hero named Raack Strongbow (most known for single-handedly forcing the white dragon Icingbreath into retreat, thus saving Nur'Anaan from devastation). Not much is recorded of those years, as the duo of adventurers explored all about the Sword Lands and beyond. Many historians assume that they established a base of operation in Nur'Anaan around the year 525 R.R., since they were known to use the city as a haven when returning from their journeys. However, sometime in 530 R.R., Galduur mysteriously disapeared and was never heard from again, having reputably fallen at the hands of a raiding band of hill giants while journeying alone on an errand to the Dwarven Halls. The only recorded fact about the tragic loss of this famous dwarven hero is that his shield was returned to the Dwarven Halls by his friend, Raack Strongbow.<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>