<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>The tale I am about to tell you has its roots from even before I was born.Many years agone, some 430 years to be exact a great evil was perpetrated upon a young mage by the name of Weston Forthsun.  Young Weston is human yet he still lives to this day.  Though he is very ancient in both years and looks his life has been extended by his own hand using the most powerful of magics.Some 430 years ago Weston was a budding mage of high promise.  His mentor was a powerful mage known as Glamvil Goldwedge.  Weston was a good pupil but had a more than average curiosity. Many years of study made Weston impatient to learn the more powerful secrets of his master.Then came a time when his master was off on some unknown errand.  Weston stole into his masters’ private chambers.  It was not an attempt to outright steel the secrets hi coveted so highly, he just hoped for a taste of what was to come in later years.Unknown to Weston however, magical wards his master placed upon his most prized tombs allowed Glamvil to know of Weston’s visit. As all mages know, an intrusion into the private chambers of a master by ones apprentice is not unheard of but it's a serious offense none the less.Glamvil was furious with Weston. Tempers began to flare as both men let their emotions gain the upper hand.  Normally mages are calm and calculating folk but unknown to Weston at the time is that his master was suffering from a spiritual possession from his recent trip. The nature of this possession is how our clan has come to be involved in this affair but I will explain that later.During the argument between Weston and Glamvil, Glamvil cast a spell upon Weston.  At first the spell did not seem to have any effect.  Weston managed to escape the confines of his master’s tower only to return months later when his former master summoned him.Glamvil fought the spirit that had possessed him for a number of months before finally winning the battle and exorcising his tormentor.  Glamvil made it clear to Weston that he was not happy with his infraction but the reason for summoning him back as his apprentice was for a far more serious reason.  It became clear to Glamvil that the spell cast upon Weston was one of the most powerful and evil sorts.  A sort that he himself did not know how to counter. The spell was cast by Glamvil but knowledge of the spell originated from the spirit that possessed him at the time if its casting.The spell is known as "Shadow Phase".  The result of such a spell is to curse the victim to an eternal life as a Litch upon his death. For nearly 40 years Glamvil and Weston attempted to find a counterspell to remove the curse from Weston but they had never found one.Glamvil died and Weston was left on his own to find a way out of his eventual fate. As Weston grew in years his powers as a mage grew rapidly.  In his quest to find a counterspell he gained much knowledge.  He discovered many ways both natural and magical to extend his life.  All in an attempt to avoid seeing his fate come to pass. Weston has never found a counterspell to rid him of his curse but has managed to find the next best thing.Though he can't prevent himself from changing to a Litch upon his death he has found a way to imprison himself and thus preventing him from harming others. Weston is a man of a good heart and does not desire to have his very soul corrupted by the transformation to a Litch.  Nor does he relish the thought of his Litch form causing pain and suffering to innocents for an eternity.Now however, he feels he has found a solution.  If he can but imprison himself in a vault designed to contain his Litch form he can spend eternity safe from the evil he would visit upon mortals. Building this vault is now the task set before us.Our beloved former King Raggwine, slain by shadow elves some 430 years past may be the very source of this foul curse. The soul of King Raggwine did not journey beyond as one would have hoped but roamed the Realmz in search of a way to avenge his death upon his slayers.  It was the soul of Raggwine himself that possessed Glamvil and was the one who cast the curse upon Weston.  Raggwine took control of Glamvil in hopes of using his magical powers to defeat his shadow elf slayers.However, Raggwines spirit was corrupted in the possession and the end result was madness. Before Glamvil could rid himself of our former kings insane soul the damage had been done and Weston found himself with this evil curse.  As it was our former king’s soul that started this evil, it's our duty as his descendants to help in any way we can. As such we have pledged ourselves to help construct this Mithril Vault.It's the construction of this vault that has our entire clan in such disarray and is the true cause of your mithril gone missing. The vault must be of a spherical shape with an outside diameter of 300 hands and walls no less than 30 hands thick. Needless to say that will take an outrageous amount of mithril to construct. The sheer amount of mithril required has proved to be the largest problem.  Even with all our reserves and all our mining crews working around the clock we estimate that we will fall far short of the amount needed.Weston has divined that he has but a few short months yet to live and we have little hope of gathering enough mithril by that time to construct the mithril vault. As grim as my tale may sound there is hope.  Even now I await Westons arrival as he claims he may have the solution to our dilemma.<<< Click & Drag Mouse To Move About >>><<< Double Click To End This Message  >>>